pam pam pam pam pam pam pam pam
pam pam became gangsters with you panda
creampie so that 10 of the subscribers go
take a look and so goes the active df of the fountain
the cauldron shines with the light sounds terrible but
nevertheless this is so mkb mom skadi most
the best farm on the boiler and goes for the fool
for the fool of death
your boiler in a row is shaken under the base
the masher is impudent here and the boiler is all shkorti
and shker how he played what he collected
why his team merges I do not understand
but nevertheless 3 in a row
bkb does not save remains herring remains
omnik herring then
man feed is not bad of course with
such a feed so as not to cut the pelvis
boiler
Here such a strange strange
ramp on my card then i think that everything
new plum nothing atlas so collect
the shadows
a great hero who is also the flow of foam
jumps this kid is okay format
ok normal normal artifacts
absolutely course bkb why are you going
just urs shade well how are you going
you would just break his face
passive killed himself purge flies
45 meat ball on the head knocking me
there is a cudgel all kill fine not he
will drag away
great one of the best smart tof in dota
so try to kill his neighbors as
it is clear that they have nothing to do with us
glittering run see runs up the berries
I don't care about everything. sven
standard anyway magnus collected yet
black holes will go
nothing will go here
meteor chick top invoker somehow in
I managed to cut four in five
All on enigma bet was hoping on
her but she let the dog down
boy
scorpio
tail twists and will jump but it
Obviously doublekill can still spin
triplkill so andaing puts cabinet
dangerous situation so that of course
get everybody well while digging in
scorpion and manages to undermine and here
Andaing is still a clever scorpion
rampag really
septic zeus ultut with their panic now
it will be but it went but no one was killed
Kaida duel other blow from the hands quite good
want the format really not yet dying but
doing rampag well and
ample earlier rampag midas on from his
by the way doom bringer
here is the hero of these boys I respect
hello says i come from the forest with
blinka and bounty hunter its not much
scares page there of course there is Vladimir
have agan venomancer have am and for
it can be dangerous it can be
minus damage it will be minus damage good
such a hans damage there in the meantime
is burning down
Another client, but I think you have to
depart blink and dangerous here
situation because bounty hunter
Of course it is substituted even with not great
damage
doom can give head and will now
revenge revenge ruin your cheek naturally and
the last evil titan remains
who will also get on the head from
I thought a bunch of good rampage to such
really murazor times he could not
seem to finish a thought that does not know what he
our channel timbersaw mr saw
arrives and immediately starts to show
tricks well flooded from ulta
in the centaur is not very much hp tsmk almost
almost without everything there goes Semka right there
running around buzzing dunk gets by
head
impudent impudent especially tsmk impudent
smoothly , well, ccc you here
here they are unlikely to be glad that
caught bounty hunter again arrogant
jump good jump
will be able to say this bounty
hunter damn and back again
and saw this well it was this one
this rozman forces just his mother once
brother but the rink rollback roller as a card from
ruff posted often play lately
how nice it is a lot of ramps on it though
the hero is rather complicated rare species
good herschel here probably will
it is this option that the courier dies
ulta mirana panda all burned fiery
what brewmaster of course you are wild heroes
cut to it well get fast on the head
substituted just substituted saw what
there are enemies why are you crawling on the crowd i
I have no idea but nevertheless you got
got know the stalker there runs right there
barely a lively slark who gets
head very quickly naturally omnit
again, he is becoming impudent, trying to see
slarku help repel not get there with
rapper leaves night stalker flies
straight to the ruff hill and starts him
banging your head with your stick
well, and doom of course yes there are thoughts and remains
proper shadow demon up to which
visibility subsides diffuse get by
head and maybe not maybe food
a stone on the head immediately flies arrows
Peaceful and ruff calmly takes his
honorable rampagu dagon this is such a time
neisha fact is certainly controversial nonetheless
rink won it is already good all even
our rampag on oxy
great hero aganim not always see
on aksa amanim other artifacts
quite a classic version will be
zalet will be calling there will be a fight waiting for waiting
because polina is worth an ax calling will
here from this side for some reason resorts
a demon here with him is an evil guy
stopped running it certainly could be
problem ship kunki tsmk which here
which just nothing remains poor
little friend tayndanter also a sniper
shoots but of course here will not have time
fly taydkhanter obviously flew away
Wax hour is very good and fast
when it’s clear a lot
corpses around
impudent impudent simply impudent and more
one insolent guy will be punished too
very very much they play aggressively
very aggressive and for that in general they
paid rampag
which gave ax
ok guys as always while you watch
last rampagu on whom lane
telling me how to get release in
description there is a link to the demon throw
him his ramp
write to whom she is actually waiting for you
wait if everything goes well record number
ramping time like that if everything is
well do you ever blurt out
graduation send a lot so not
wonder if this happens immediately
but thanks for watching guys write
k and rampag you liked the most
I personally more all succumbed to
timbersaw
and good luck to you